I want ot keep my set of ec2 instance & want to isolate, High speed internet etc.

There are feature called placement group

here, you can deploy your ec2 instances within limit of this placement group.

1. cluster- here, you have a rack/hardware, you can deploy your ec2 instances.
            You can connect LAN Network to this group which cause good latency/low latency, high bandwidth like 10 gbps.

            If, this placement group is fail, your all ec2 instances will also go dowm or fail at same time.
    
2. Spread- here, you can span more than 1 AZ.
           here, multiple you can make multiple hardware in multiple zones.
           each hardware, you can deploy max 7 ec2 instances per AZ per Placement group.

           Application: For high availability , isolated from failure from each other placement-group .

           ex. i made 3 diff. placemetnt gorup followed by AZ- 1a, 1b, 1c.
               i can deplou max 7 ec2 instances in this 3 diff. placement group.

               If any of these AZ is go-down , i will have 2 other Placement group in other AZ.
               these will reduce risk of failure of your placement gorup.

               NOTE: EC2 instance are on diff. physical hardware.

3. Partition- same like spread, means, you can deploy ec2 instance in diff placement group/rack in diff. region.
              But, you can devide/partition of this placement group/hardware.\
              ex. i made placement group in AZ-1a, i can devide it into 2 , 3 partitions.
              Each partition you can deploy max 7 ec2 instances.

              But, only 100 of ec2 instances you can deploy per region.

              If one partition is fail, so other 2 partition will not affect.
              only this failed partitions ec2 will failed.

              If AZ-1a, partitions ec2 instances want to get accees/connect to other partitions, this can happens by metadata.

              NOTE: The instances in one partition can not share rack with other instances in other partitions.

              AZ-1a, we devide into 2 partition/rack, rack1, rack2.
              rack1 instances can not share racks with other partitions ec2.

              Application:  HDFS, HBase, Cassandra, Kalfa. 
              
            
